# ePortfolio
Evidence is provided here of the following objectives:
1. Explain communication concepts and strategies
- Communication was covered in week 1. For communication to be effective those who are conversing must also have listening skills. Comminication has many channels between the source and the receiver. From the source context is provided as well as the message itself and context. The receiver then interprets the message and responds to the source. interference may be present during the exchange which may make it difficalt for the information/message to be delivered or interprited correctly. It is immportant to have a clear message and an approprite environment when commumicating with others.
2. Show confidence and skills in oral communications and presentations
- This was covered in both week 6 & 7. In week 6 the task to make a powerpoint presentation about [Cyber safety and Indigenous peoples.pptx](https://github.com/Calexander22/ePortfolio/files/8628243/Cyber.safety.and.Indigenous.peoples.pptx)
 was given and in week 7 all presentations were preformed.
3. Work effectively as part of a team
- in weeks 3, 4 and 6 group work was required.
- Week 3 was focused on Writting Style [Week Three Activity.docx](https://github.com/Calexander22/ePortfolio/files/8628247/Week.Three.Activity.docx) it is important when writing that being ambiguous is avoided and that writing is done efficiently. When applying this as an ICT skill it is important that things such as System Requirements are written in an Active voice and when it is approprate to write in conversation (2nd person) and objectively (3rd person).
- Week 4 was focused on arguments [Week 4 Conflict Scenario.docx](https://github.com/Calexander22/ePortfolio/files/8628250/Week.4.Conflict.Scenario.docx). Things such as Types of arguments, Manipulation techniques, principles of persuasion and PEE structure. The PEE structure stands for Point, Evidence, Explanation (standard writing format). There are two main types of arguments Deduction and inductive. Deduction is based on observations/premise and laws to make a conclusion. Inductive is based on educated guesses using theories from observation. Principles of persuasion are; reciprocity, scarcity, authority, commitment & consistency, consensus and liking. Manipulation techniques are also reffered to as fallacies.
- Week 6 was an artical analysis that was done in pairs [Article Analysis week 6.docx](https://github.com/Calexander22/ePortfolio/files/8628255/Article.Analysis.week.6.docx) and [Wk6 Mob Writing Peer Assessment and Marking Sheet.xlsx](https://github.com/Calexander22/ePortfolio/files/8628258/Wk6.Mob.Writing.Peer.Assessment.and.Marking.Sheet.xlsx)
4. Communicate effectively in a professional context
- To communicate effectively in professional context, you must use professional langauge, approprite jestures and clear langauge. Verbal and writting styles must change to accomidate who you are communicating with. It is best to avoid things such as cliches, slang, euphemisms and doublespeak as these are seen as unprofessional and may lead to confusion. In professional settings it is important to choose the correct channel of communication i.e. do not hold a meeting in-person for information that can be convayed in an email. Holding a meeting in-person for information that can be convayed in an email will annoy others.
5. Define and demonstrate conflict management and resolution strategies.
- There are four main ways to manage conflict; Compete/Force, Collaborate/Confront, Avoid/Withdraw, Accommodate/Smooth.
- Compete/Force is an aim to win regardless of the other party which can lead to an increase in conflict and a decrease performance.
- Collaborate/Confront is an aim to win with consideration to the other party which can lead to an improvement in performance.
- Accommodate/Smooth is an aim to end the conflict, this style can lead to a decrease in preformance and quality of work.
- Avoid/Withdraw is an avoidence of the conflict all together, this style leads to an increase in conflicts, decrease in preformance and is ineffective.
- In week 4 a conflict scenario was given to groups who then worked through the conflict scenario [Week 4 Conflict Scenario.docx](https://github.com/Calexander22/ePortfolio/files/8628250/Week.4.Conflict.Scenario.docx).
